Update API documentation to include action invocations in applies, plans, and run endpoints (#2694)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-docs-common/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/run.mdx

| `data.attributes.auto-apply`                       | bool                 | Defaults to the [Auto Apply](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings#auto-apply-and-manual-apply) workspace setting.  | Determines if Terraform automatically applies the configuration on a successful `terraform plan`. |
| `data.attributes.debugging-mode`                   | bool                 | `false`                                              | When set to `true`, enables verbose logging for the queued plan. |
| `data.attributes.is-destroy`                       | bool                 | `false`                                              | When set to `true`, the plan destroys all provisioned resources. Mutually exclusive with `refresh-only`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

> | `data.attributes.invoke-action-addrs`              | array\[string]       |                                                    | Specifies the action address to invoke for an action-only run. Provide at most one action address. Mutually exclusive with `target-addrs` and `is-destroy`. An empty array behaves like an omitted property. Requires a Terraform version that supports action invocations and access to Terraform Actions.                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.invoke-action-addrs`              | array containing a string      |                                                    | Specifies the action address to invoke for an action-only run. You can specify one address. Mutually exclusive with `target-addrs` and `is-destroy`. Empty arrays are ignored. Requires a Terraform version that supports action invocations and access to actions in HCP Terraform or Terraform Enterprise.                                                                                                                                                             |
```
We can probably just say that the data type is a string. Sometimes we'll say "array of strings", but never `array[string]`. 

We should clarify what we mean by "behave like an omitted property", which I assume means the same as being ignored.

I think by "Terraform Actions" we mean that your version of Terraform must be able to provide data renderable by the platform, correct?

Author: thanks for the suggestions. applied it in commit [7e84676](https://github.com/hashicorp/web-unified-docs/pull/2694/commits/7e84676ef7113cec2753df854c5a2c25df7e98b7)
